GeneralHeadlines; Fancy Feet; Florida Man claims to be Olympic walker; A local resident has decided that if he is going to be famous it would take a few steps to get there. The Olympics are approaching fast, and nobody seems to be looking forward to the man's performance.
GeneralHeadlines; Know Your Limits; Florida Man fails to triple-jump, physicists relieved; Scientists were relieved to discover that a local resident does not possess the ability to triple jump. The same man performed a ‘double jump' earlier today.
GeneralHeadlines; Don't Give Up; Florida Man lost for hours; A local resident has been reported missing after a history causing disturbances downtown. Victims of his exploits are relieved, but claim they would not be surprised if he returned.
GeneralHeadlines; Marco Polo; Florida Man expands his territory; A local resident has laid claim to one of our downtown buildings, stating he was the first to discover it. Authorities have informed the owners that his claim is not actually valid.
GeneralHeadlines; With Great Effort; Florida Man jumps, nobody is impressed; Today a local man claimed that he had pushed the entire Earth down with his own feet. ‘Flat Earth' conspiracy theorists praised the man for his accomplishment.
GeneralHeadlines; Super Human; Florida Man defies physics, refuses to reveal secret; An unnamed individual has physicists concerned after witnesses claimed he defied gravity. It undetermined whether or not the man will abuse this power.
GeneralHeadlines; Bon Appetit; Florida Man experiences new flavors; A new 'challenge' is on the rise for eating strange items. A poll has revealed laundry detergent to be the least likely substance anyone would attempt to consume. However, the man in question has surprised everyone before.
GeneralHeadlines; Litterer; Florida Man parts with his precious possession; A local man is single-handedly ruining the ecosystem by dropping random items on the ground. The authorities have been notified and are currently investigating the incident.
GeneralHeadlines; Burp Man; Florida Man contributes to global warming, taxed for carbon output; The government has taxed a local resident for carbon output after the individual was seen 'burping inhumanly'. 'The quantity of noxious gas this man is capable of producing is unprecedented in human history,' an expert on the subject stated.
GeneralHeadlines; Mine!; Florida Man 'borrows' property, claims he was owed; A man has been seen blatantly stealing the property of others, while claiming they were indebted to him. This is the latest in a string of unusual behavior reported across the city, supposedly all caused by the same individual.
GeneralHeadlines; En Garde!; Florida Man fights an imaginary friend; A local man has been seen brawling with what appears to be nothing. Some onlookers theorized that the man was fighting an imaginary friend, but inebriation is also a contending theory among them.
ChurchHeadlines; Holy Merlot; Florida Man eats equivalent of Jesus's body in Wafers; An unknown man was seen barging into the church and drinking all the communion wine during a sermon. The congregation has decided not to press charges, based on the belief that forgiveness is a better way.
ChurchHeadlines; Wafer Glutton; Florida Man eats equivalent of Jesus's body in Wafers; A local resident was blamed for eating the church's communion wafers, creating an issue for the upcoming sermon. The church has been working with the bakery to attempt to restock the wafers by the weekend.
ChurchHeadlines; Absorb the Holy Word; Florida Man feels enlightened after consuming Bible; A local resident has been accused of committing sacrilege after eating the Holy Bible. The congregation believes this could condemn them all and is rightfully upset.
ChurchHeadlines; Incense Appetizer; Florida Man eats Incense, posts negative food review online; Churchgoers have complained that a local resident has eaten the churches entire stock of incense. The church is scrambling to get their stock replenished before vigil on Sunday.
ChurchHeadlines; Burning Calories; Florida Man attempts to build an immunity to fire; A daring individual was seen eating a burning candle with the goal of building an immunity to fire. Incredibly the man did not appear to be in pain, which concerned churchgoers considerably.
ChurchHeadlines; Great Bells of Fire; Florida Man explosively launches church bell from tower; A local man shocked onlookers today when he blew the bell free from the church's tower with a fiery belch. The bell was completely destroyed, as it stood no chance against the explosive power produced by the man's gut.
ChurchHeadlines; Divine Interburption; Churchgoers mistake Florida Man's belch for voice of God; A hearty man briefly confused churchgoers after his belch was mistaken to be the voice of God. The churchgoers reluctantly forgave him, but expressed disgust at the pure magnitude of the man's belch.
ChurchHeadlines; Angry Organist; Florida Man attempts to play hymn; A man attempted to play a hymn by physically and aggressively hitting the Organ within the local church. Churchgoers claimed the spectacle was unprofessional and that it negatively impacted the peaceful atmosphere.
ChurchHeadlines; Wine Assault; Florida Man spreads the word on the dangers of alcohol; A local man was seen assaulting churchgoers with a communion wine goblet, claiming alcohol was dangerous. Despite a few headaches and stained clothes, no serious damage was caused.
ChurchHeadlines; Banished to the Depths; Florida Man suspect for the disappearance of priest ; Churchgoers reported the church's priest missing today. They suspect a man who has become somewhat notorious. The man in question also harassed churchgoers and made unpleasant remarks.
StoreHeadlines; Howdy, Stomach; Florida Man eats 10-Gallon Hat, claims it was only nine; Mall staff were shocked after a local patron ate a ten-gallons hat, and claimed it was only nine gallons. Workers have been measuring the other hats to make sure that they are ten gallons.
StoreHeadlines; Money Back Guarantee; Florida Man attempts to receive refund for stolen item; A man has been reported after he inexplicably tried to return a stolen item to the store for a full refund. The clerk attempted to apprehend the man, but he was already gone once they realized the merchandise was stolen.
StoreHeadlines; Crime Doesn't Pay; Florida Man steals empty Cash Register; Several witnesses claim that a local man has stolen an empty cash register from one of the mall's stores. Authorities are looking for him, to reclaim it and tell him that crime doesn't pay.
StoreHeadlines; Bejeweled Bowels; Florida Man mistakes Diamond Jewelry for rock candy; A store owner has reported that a local man had come into their store and eaten a priceless diamond necklace. The store has field a police report about this event, arguing that their jewelry does not look like rock candy.
StoreHeadlines; Delicious Denim; Florida Man takes 20% off Jeans, does not receive discount; A local resident was seen arguing with the cashier after taking several bites out of a pair of jeans. The man claimed that he should be discounted for the amount he had eaten.
StoreHeadlines; Sole-Eater; Florida Man consumes soles; Locals claim a man was seen eating shoes in the mall. He claimed they were a bit rubbery. This is the lasted event in a string of repulsive behavior exhibited by the same man.
StoreHeadlines; Original Scent; Florida Man unsuccessfully pitches his own line of perfume; Several locals have complained that an unknown man has been burping in people's faces after consuming perfume. The man claimed that if big companies could market their scents why couldn't he?
StoreHeadlines; Pink Salmon; Florida Man kills endangered fish with lethal dose of perfume; Numerous fish were found dead in mall’s decorative fountain. A man was seen mixing large amounts of perfume into the water. The fish in question came from a remote island in the South Pacific, and are quite rare.
StoreHeadlines; Pretty in Pink; Florida Man assaults customers with perfume bottles; A local man was seen running around the shopping mall hitting unsuspecting customers with perfume bottles. One shopper remarked, 'Perfume bottles are surprisingly durable, and painful.'
StoreHeadlines; Pink Salmon; Florida Man kills endangered fish with lethal dose of perfume; Fish found dead in mall's decorative fountain. Man seen mixing large amounts of perfume with the water. The fish in question came from a remote island in the south pacific and are supposedly very rare.
StoreHeadlines; Olfactory Overload; Florida Man destroys perfume display, endangers shoppers; Customers were suffocated today after a man shattered a large perfume display, spilling a dozen gallons or more. Authorities urge those affected to contact a poison control center as soon as possible.
StoreHeadlines; Escalated Vandalism; Florida Man breaks escalator, 2nd-floor stores file for bankruptcy; Store owners are concerned by potential loss of sales after a man broke the escalator to the second floor. While the escalator is being fixed, customers are being encouraged to use the much-avoided stairs.
LibraryHeadlines; Eater of Fictional Worlds; Florida Man consumes knowledge, learns about internal paper cuts; A man was seen devouring books in the local library, claiming it was more efficient than reading them. One onlooker remarked, ‘He was way too excited, I couldn't bear to tell him how crazy his theory was.'
LibraryHeadlines; Grand Theft Magazine; Florida Man steals free Magazine; A local man was seen discretely pocketing a free magazine from the library today. Witnesses were confused by the man's behavior, especially since he had recently been seen taking part in far more heinous actions.
LibraryHeadlines; Book Vandal; Florida Man topples thousands of rare books; Numerous bookshelves crashed to the floor in the library after a man forcefully pushed them off-balance. One woman remarked, ‘I've never seen anything like it. That man needs therapy, and a doctor.'
LibraryHeadlines; Hit the Books; Florida Man vandalizes public book collection; Witnesses reported a man physically hitting books in the library today, for no apparent reason. This is the latest in a string of strange behavior by the man in question, although this is by far one of the tamer incidents.
LibraryHeadlines; READ!; Florida Man aggressively spreads knowledge; A man was seen assaulting people with a library book today, claiming he was ‘imprinting them with knowledge.' Victims weren't fooled however, as they deemed the action lacked benevolence.
LibraryHeadlines; Hit any Key to Continue; Florida Man fights malware with [item]; Today a man was seen vandalizing numerous computers in the library, while claiming he was fighting malware. A witness commented, ‘Is this all for attention? Surely nobody actually believes that's how any of this works.'
LibraryHeadlines; Secret Entrance; Florida Man discovers top secret facility; A local man uncovered a strange facility today when he nonchalantly opened a passageway within the library. Conspiracy theorists have already come out in force in public internet forums.
LibraryHeadlines; Weight of the World; Florida Man destroys Library's large decorative globe; In an unprecedented event, a man forcefully detatched a giant decorative globe free from its ceiling mount. The globe was an antique from the late 18th century, and considered the Library's most treasured asset.
LibraryHeadlines; The Nuclear Option; Florida Man launches ballistic missile from secret facility; The latest in a string of events, a man has launched a ballistic missile seemingly without any assistance. This is a developing story, and many questions remain unanswered.